# EEGPipe
WeBrain (https://webrain.uestc.edu.cn/) is a web-based computing platform that enables large-scale EEG and EEG-fMRI multimodal data storing, exploring and analyzing using cloud High-Performance Computing (HPC) facilities across UESTC and China. WeBrain connects researchers of different fields to EEG and multimodal tools and processing power required to handle the large datasets that have become the norm in the field. It also aims to construct an International Virtual Community of Brainformatics (IVCB) to set the scene for more ambitious multi-national initiatives and cooperation in brain research. It does at the same time reduce the technical expertise required to use these resources. It provides an easy-to-use for novice users (even no computer programming skills) and flexibility for experienced researchers. It is not necessary to install any software or system for users, all need is a modern web browser of any kind. A range of resources including neuroimaging analysis tools are available, as well as documents related to WeBrain.

WeBrain EEGPipe is a companion piece of WeBrain (offline version of WeBrain pipeline tools) developed by MATLAB. For novice users, it provides easy-to-use pipeline GUI for batch preprocessing large-scale EEG datasets on local personal computers, which reduces the technical expertise required to batch processing.

Using WeBrain or WeBrain EEGPipe, please cite:
Dong, L., et al. (2021). "WeBrain: A web-based brainformatics platform of computational ecosystem for EEG big data analysis." Neuroimage 245: 118713.
